"Fine and what? Relatation came, banging to his face, by filth. Greeting, looks like choking. It's
kind of funny. Relatation came by knocking, if I use more and more, knocking on his head and fold
down in one-third cup.
That is, according to Dzogtin, according to order, pointed out teaching, directly pointed out,
exactly as it is, bouncing, this.
And then, for example, in the teaching said, when Guru Padmasambha came, this pointed out, and so
Guru Padmasambha said that terminology came from there.
And in the teaching said, Guru Padmasambha, there's one old woman, I mean, that's what Khyentse
said, an old woman who was so devoted to Guru Padmasambha, she offered many times, always, I mean,
she comes, she brings yoga to Guru Padmasambha, she offered to Guru Padmasambha.
And that being, many times, she had strong devotion to Guru Padmasambha. She didn't receive any
other teachings or anything, just she loved so much, she liked and she felt so devoted to it.
And she trusted, trusted, and offering the yogurts. And then she heard, Guru Padmasambha is leaving
from Tibet, so she thought, kind of feel bad, and she bought some yogurts.
And she asked, please, for this, there's such a great master, I should ask some teachers, so please
give me some teachers, please give me some teachers.
When she said that, Guru Padmasambha pointed out his index finger, who are you, who you are, who
are you?
When Guru Padmasambha said that, that moment, it dawns in her heart, moment, who I am, that thought
, kind of things, she didn't, kind of immediately say why he's asking that, he didn't, he didn't say
that, but she thought, who I am, she kind of thought that, that moment, she got part of the
realization of the true nature, exactly.
So that is, who are you? That was the pointing of the teaching to this old woman. That walked her,
poor her, rich enlightenment.
Really, that's the, because of her loyalty, devotion, and trust between Guru Padmasambha and
unparalleled. That's what got the realization.
So realization is not something that comes always a fancy way, this and that way, but as long as
you have the devotion and trust, confidence, loyalty, that, the realization dawns.
For example, also in the teaching, said, said, said that, this like, what's called, there's a
famous pauper, grand master pauper, who is foremost a disciple, oh, one of the pauper master, not
say, former, wonderful, both disciple, was a nyushar, nyungto, nyungto, nyungto.
And he was a teacher, so he was a disciple of a nyukar, sorry, a pauper, nyungto.
And nyukar, nyungto, stayed with the pauper, nyungto, I think over 20 years, or maybe close to 30s,
and resume in teaching, practicing.
In the teaching said, the life story said that, that's what written by famous master, that, that k
impo makchung, kimpo makchung.
And kimpo makchung is one of the really great master, famous master, he, his, he always recognized
him as emanation of bhmana, bhmana matters.
Because of, in the teaching said, bhmana matter before his departure from Tibet, I will be coming
back to every hundred years to re-correct these object teachings, or re-strengthening the correct
these object teachings.
So as he promised that, and there's a lot of like emanation, they called one after another.
So many people, many great masters, you see, this kimpo makchung, kimpo makchung or kimpo makchung.
Was really reincarnation of bhmana matters, bhmana matters.
And who was also, root teacher of the great master or jabji, jadar makchung, his oldest jadar makch
ung, kimpo makchung.
So kimpo, this yukilungto was a grand master of jadar makchung, if I say, grand, grand teacher of
the jadar makchung, jadar makchung.
So one time, what is it? So I think this yukilungto is really one of the great masters to himself.
But I think he thought, I think maybe he must be telling to Padronamaji, I didn't recognize the
nature of the mind still.
I think he must have said many times.
So one time, great master Padronamaji is, okay, he lay down in the night time, night time and do
the sky meditation, in the night time, night time.
And then Master, so Padronamaji is doing this.
And then Padronamaji called to yukilungto.
Yukilungto, you always say, said you don't recognize your nature of my mind.
Come here, do as I do in meditation.
Lay down, lay down on the floor or on the ground, not floor, outside on the ground and look to the
sky and look to your mind.
And so Master, that yukilungto did, I mean he said he did, he did.
Well, they lie down and Padronamaji starts talking, can you see the stars, can you see all the
stars or the moons?
Can you see those? Of course he sees them.
And then he starts saying, can you hear the dark noise at the Dokki monostraps?
Dark noise at the Dokki monostraps.
When he heard that word and really he got the perfect understanding of the mind, when he heard that
, can you hear the dark noise of the Dokki monostraps?
That immediately rang him of the realization of the true nature of the mind, exactly as it is.
So therefore, again, we have the devotion, it really is brains.
Realization is something so surprising, beautiful, perfectly.
And then Master Bhagavatam Sahib in the teaching said that also I heard from Kachin of Dokki.
And when he was young, he wanted to see the reincarnation of the Jigmeenubha, Dokki and Gunga,
reincarnation of Jigmeenubha.
So we went to Bhagavatam, when he was young, and maybe in the 20s, to see this reincarnation of Jig
meenubha.
And so he saw Jigmeenubha reincarnation, Jigmeenubha reincarnation is very famous as crazy yogi,
crazy yogi.
He said, "Dokki and Gunga, Jigmeenubha." Wild, wild chances.
So when he came, we came to him and asked some teachings.
That immediately he got up and hold, hold his collars, collars.
And knock it down, knock it down, or he turn over and push it down on the field and said, "You old
dog. You old dog."
Here, eco-williant in this country, he picked up and knocked to the ground and said, "Bullshit.
Bullshit."
That's it. I mean, it's a bit old dog when you say, "That is eco-williant up here. Bullshit. Bull
shit."
So you push it down or throw him on the ground with that.
He feel unconscious in the teachings.
The moment he will do it, out of that unconsciousness, he really see the perfect meaning of the
great nature of the emptiness.
So ever since, part of the Ramaji used that word, "old dog," as his nicknames, when you read books
of his teachings,
"I old dog wrote this." He treat that as a secret name, secret holy name, and the God realizes it.
So this is the what-how.
When you have the devotion, when you have the joy and the appreciation, the relaxation comes so
beautifully, so nice.
Also, there is another story in the teaching set. I mean, it's not just stories, really true
stories.
Not so far from my country, my birthplace, sorry, my birthplace, there is an area called the dapp
les.
There is one old lady, old lady who don't really know dharma too much.
But she had some devotion to Jainese and Thara.
She practiced Jainese and Thara all the time.
She finished many millions and hundreds, many millions of the mantras of Jainese,
and many over 100,000 of the prayers of the 21 Tharas she preached.
At her end, she don't know dharma or anything except that she has a strong devotion to the Jainese
and to Thara.
And in the teaching set, she had a dream almost every night.
One blue lady comes, she gives always some clothes to her, always in the dream.
In one year, white man with top hair comes in the dream, always giving her as Christa manas, she
dream.
Because of her devotion, blessings of Thara and Jainese really came.
Even though she don't know any other dharma, any kind of all the intellectuals, anything, but
devotion.
That had unfailing devotion for this realization.
And therefore, it's not just only that, but yoga and practice.
Any practice is so important to have the devotions.
Devotions. So that is my brilliant talk for today.
And if you have some questions, please ask me.